Charlie's a mild-mannered executive
who's never been far from home now Lulu
was taking him all the way and then Lou
Charles pleased to meet you
we've never done anything like this
before don't worry charlie I have
I mean look straight you know I'll be
right down in here that's where it
counts deep down I got what it takes if
you were my mother and I brought this
guy home as my husband why don't you
think it's very nice but Tim I get rid
of those handcuffs if I were you
but when Ludo brings Charlie home Oh
things start to change hi baby
surprise there's someone waiting to
change something wild to something else
I missed you so damn much baby you
better ask yourself if you're really
water
which are these babies something daring
I'm gonna take Lulu we're gonna waltz
right out of here and there's not a damn
thing you can do Oh something dangerous
something wild